Initial Plan
1.	I will be using React and node 
2.	I think that the project will be full stack but there will be more of an emphasis on front-end
3.	This will be a website
4.	Since cats are all over the internet and since they are synonymous with internet culture, why not have a site entirely dedicated to all things cats? Including breeds, temperaments, information about exotic big cats, and a cat of the day which is a link to that cat’s page. Plus there can be educational sections and more entertaining sections of cat videos and photos
5.	The main target audience is cat lovers, which is a very broad audience on the internet. Plus animal lovers and exotic animal lovers who wish to learn more about exotic big cats.
6.	I will be collecting data about pet cats and exotic cats throughout the internet. Along with using the API.
7.	A. The schema would be in VS Code and in separate files based off of type of cat and type of page. One will have cats, videos, photos
B. Issues with API including getting the token to work, making sure the API is compatible, and that it flows
C. There is no sensitive material.
D. There will be a home page, a section for pet cats, a section for exotic cats, each section could have videos and photos, and there can be a separate section only for videos and photos
E. You start at the home page, and then there’s a cat of the day front and center which is also a link to that cat’s page. But, the homepage will have buttons for the sections mentioned above. 
F. This app is interactive and very dopamine triggering since each page for each cat provides not just information, but multiple videos and photos and also CSS that is eye appealing. The stretch goal is to have a place for cats on the internet rather than being scattered randomly across memes and posts on social media. 


API Schema
https://developers.thecatapi.com/view-account/ylX4blBYT9FaoVd6OhvR?report=bOoHBz-8t
The Cat API

Documentation

	Documentation

For my project, I began by setting the technology used for the project. I initially decided to use Python for the backend and React for the front end. I made a directory called Capstone-Project-2 and added a package.json file and installed react. I then made a react folder called client. I added express as well to give me flexibility with the tools that I could use so that I had more options as i was making the project. I then tested express by adding code into the server.js file with a simple "hello world" and then running node server.js. Then, I set up python for the backend and used a virtual environment as well as installing Flask, so that I could truly make the most out of Python. Like express, Flask gives me many tools for python that gives me more options for tools to use. To connect the backend to the frontend, I added "proxy": "http://localhost:5000". Then, to test react, i ran npm start to make sure that react was indeed installed and that it was running properly before I added content. I then added the app.py file for python so that API requests can be made seamlessly. I then texted the API in the terminal to ensure that the API does indeed work and that my requests work before I set them up in the app. Next up, I tested the react tech by adding content to the App.js page so that there would be content aside from the spinning logo. This way, I can now add content and more pages. After that, I added the files in the src folder called pages. Within pages, I added three pages called BreedsPage.js, FactsPage.JS and ImagesPage.js. I then made the main App.js pages link to those pages. I tested it out to make sure that the site was good and up and running. Then, I adjusted the images page so that when you press a button, it will give you a random image as a get request from the API. I then did the same for the breeds page where you type in a breed as a get request and it returns the information about the breed. Also, I made a facts page where you click on the button and the api fetches a random facts from the /breeds endpoint. I couldn’t use the /facts endpoint because I do not have premium. Then, I decided to have a page where there are 10 cats on display from the images endpoint. I decided to include a page where the user doesn’t have to do anything and just embrace the cats they are provided. Then,I decided to have another page that lists every breed from the API along with a short description. This way, the user can learn about certain breeds without having to search. And if they find a specific one they want to learn more about, they can search for that breed in the breeds page. Everything was going through the App.js file, but I needed page that would have all of the buttons to go to every page, because the heading the content on the home page was showing up on every page, and I wanted each page to have its own content. Therefore, I made a new file called HomePage.js. Now I can decorate. Now onto the css. I made a homepage.css file before making the others and I tested it by giving it a background color to make sure it works, and it did. So now I can do the rest of the pages. Each page now gets a CSS. For the BreedSearch page, I deided to have a background image of a cat room in a home to associate cats and homes for those searching for a specific breed to bring into theirs. Next, I did the background for The List of Breeds Page. I went for a jungle theme for this one because bit cats like tigers and jaguars are often associated with the jungle. The link between cats and the wild jungles made me associate all cats with the jungle, which is why I chose it to represent all of them listed. Next up, I did the Image Page. Here, since you were constantly shown random cats, I wanted to use colors on this page associated with cats. So, I used a very light creamy orange and a very light grey, which is a very common cat color. Also, for the button, I used a light beige to accent the other two colors. Plus, I added an effect where the button changes to an even lighter version of the same color when you hover over it. I also made the button bigger so that clicking on it is more tempting. Next, I did the Scattered Images Page. Like the random images page, I wanted the background colors to best associate to cats, since there would be a ton of cats on screen. So, I went with a deep russet and warm cream. After that, the random facts page. For this page, I found an image of a cat wearing a sweater with glasses on its collar. The cat is standing over an open book. I thought because of the sites theme and specific page’s theme, it was most appropriate. Each background also is faded so that the content on the page is legible. I then did the homepage. For the homepage background, I used one with a bunch of yarn balls and a cats paw, since yarn is synonymous with cats. I then made the url links into buttons and each with a picture over them associating with the theme of the page link. For the one that says One Cat For You!, I had a picture of one cat with its head peaking over furniture. For A Bunch of Cats For You!, I found an image of a group of cats. Next, for All Breeds Info, I found an image of a bunch of big cats to differentiate house cats from wild cats. For Specific Breeds Info, I had a picture of a cat being examined by a vet, as vets provide specific information for breeds. Lastly, for random facts, I found a picture of a cat wearing glasses and a bow tie with lab equipment to channel facts and knowledge. I then did made colors for the buttons and headings accent the colors of the yarn balls from the background. Next, I went back and adjusted the title in the a ton of cats page and added a banner. I gave the text and banner the colors orange and beige to go with the colors on the page in the background. Next up, I adjusted the title and Subtitle for the Breed list. To go with the jungle theme and background, I made Breed List Dark Green with a light green when you hover over it, and the subtital a dark brown with a light brown when you hover over that as well. Next up was the Breed Search Page again. I adjusted it so that Feline Search Breed was a Dark Pink and the subtital was a granite, each with hovering covers making them lighter, along with making the search bar pink with a darker pink as the hover. Last but not least, I went to Cat Facts! I made the letters all blue because blue is often associated with intelligence. Those were the final adjustments. So the end result is a very welcoming and cozy website dedicated to cats. You can get an image of a cat, images of 10 cats, information about a ton of breeds, a way to search for specific breeds, and a place to get random facts. Now, cats on the internet can be in one place. 
